[WB-4318] Fix up the service user doc (#3240)
wandb/client: docs/dev/wandb-service-user.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="../../.github/wb-logo-lightbg.png#gh-light-mode-only" width="600" alt="Weights & Biases"/>
  <img src="../../.github/wb-logo-darkbg.png#gh-dark-mode-only" width="600" alt="Weights & Biases"/>
</p>

# `wandb` service

We are excited :tada: to share with you a new feature we call `service`. This feature is still in the experimental stage, but will be integrated by default in `wandb` in the near future.

## Why would you use this feature?

`service` improves `wandb`'s handling of multiprocessing and thus improves reliability in a distributed training setting.
If you are using `wandb` in a distributed training setup and experiencing hangs, please consider trying out this new feature.

## Usage

### PyTorch Lightning

If you are using `PyTorch Lightning` please:

- Install the most recent version of `wandb` and update `PyTorch Lightning` from the master branch:

```bash
pip install --upgrade wandb
pip install --upgrade git+https://github.com/PytorchLightning/pytorch-lightning.git
```

> (The feature support will be part of `PyTorch Lightning`'s [1.6.0 release](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11650).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature support will be part of `PyTorch Lightning`'s [1.6.0 release](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11650), at which point you will be able to simply install/update it from PyPI.
```

> That's it... no need to change anything in else...

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing :) Perhaps specify what exactly needs to be done in other cases?

```suggestion
```

Author: maybe i can re-ordered and have the general usage first?

Author: and have this one last? since it's a very specific use case? what do you think?

> ### Others

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
### General usage
```

`service` can be enabled by adding the following to your script:

```python
def __name__ == "__main__":
    wandb.require(experiment="service")
    # <rest-of-your-script-goes-here>
```

> ### Advance example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advanced usage
```

Author: maybe advanced usage example? @dmitryduev what do you think? since it is just a simple example?

Author: no strong preference to either

Reviewer: +1 to "advanced usage example"

```python
if __name__ == "__main__":
    # <your-script-goes-here>
```

## Reporting issues

> We appricate you giving this feature a try. If you are experiencing an issue which is not listed in the the FAQs, please file a ticket on [github issue](https://github.com/wandb/client/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would appreciate it if you gave this feature a try. If you are experiencing an issue that is not listed in the FAQs, please file a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/wandb/client/issues).
```

Author: if they are reporting an issue doesn't it mean they already tried it?

Author: We appreciate you gave this ...? what do you think?

Reviewer: Я бы у носителя какого-нибудь уточнил 😅
